hey guys it's chaos 2005 just want to
like a little short video I want to
thank turtle beach for the pimp ass
headset appreciate that but the subject
today is nuke boosters on mw2 can you be
any more of a pathetic loser than that
I've been watching videos all day on
hear of it actually had two matches this
morning they had nuke boost errs in it
on FFA and I want to just say to you
guys that are doing it right there stick
that in your ass about any one thing I'm
coming to the community today for and
this goes for everybody playstation xbox
doesn't matter if you want you want rid
of these little punks I'm asking you you
know especially my brother's out there
on the xbox 360 change your clan tag to
n be f that is going to stand for nuke
boosters fail so you know you want to
throw it and make it a little colorful
changed em bef boosters epic fail
because they're there they're not doing
anybody any good they're not doing
herself any good just to say I got a
damn Nick whoop Dee I've got like seven
of them it doesn't matter I mean it's
it's a killstreak who cares you know you
don't do it do it by getting that many
kills I mean come on you use in kill
Street and everything else and I want to
extend out just like machinima did any
little punk that can do it without a
kill streak is a real man if you have to
use your little frickin choppers and all
that kind of shit which I do I'm gonna
lie to you guys I I do it too but you
know I'm not that damn good at the game
I'll admit it but that's what my little
thing is all about today my little spiel
as you little bunch of faggot Nick
boosters you little bunch of faggot lag
switchers
you can't freakin shoot a gun straight
if you God gave you the will to and
especially number one you fucking
glitchers that are ruining all these
games and causing people to get banned
and everything else that your little
haha disposal which bunch of bullshit
but anyway I just want to extend that
out anybody's willing to get back me
change of Clan tang you know post
comment on here that you've done it you
know i'll come hit me up on xbox at
chaos spoke with a que 2005 and you know
leaving a message on there whatever you
want to do we will get these little
Punk's off of here I will be sending
this video after we get say 5000 views I
will send this to infinity ward and
let's see what they have to say so
anyway on that note I'm gonna in this
video and again I want to extend the a
big thank you to Turtle Beach right here
baby appreciate these but if you're
behind me that we will get this crap
took care of